# 1_notes

# ONGC TODO

1. Create 3 functions a) chk_like_status(var); b) like(var); c) unlike(var);
2. like() insert into db_like table
3. unlike() delete form db_like table
4. chk_like_status() if alredy liked or not
<- done ->

1. actions.php use chklikestatus if true(unlike())else(like)



sub = Complaint against Tatasky technicians who upgraded my set top box without my consent

Hi,I am Sumit Kumar my tatasky id is :- 1124692698
 I've been your loyal customer since day one and it's has been a smooth ride since then until recently where i've been scammed by tatasky technicians. here is a summary of what happened.

In the end of November last year my tatasky lost signals so i called tatasky customer care number and they asked me to send tatasky technicians to check it and Rs. 175/- will be there visiting charge to which i said yes. The next day they came and without checking much they told me that my set top box is not working and needs to be replaced the new set top box will cost me Rs.1000/- to which i clearly said NO and after that they took my tatasky card with them saying that they will deduct their visiting charge from my tatasky account balance using this card i offered them cash but they said this is the only way that they can tell tatasky authority that they actually visited the site. Next day i went to their shop to get the card back. Now 1 or 2 week later i asked a t



Hi,I am Sumit Kumar my tatasky id is :- 1124692698I've been your loyal customer since day one and it's has been a smooth ride since then until recently where I've been scammed by tatasky technicians. Here is a summary of what happened and before I do that let me make this clear that I bought tatasky in 2014 and since then I am using the same SD set top box till this day.
In the end of November last year my tatasky lost signals so i called tatasky customer care number and they asked me to send tatasky technicians to check it and Rs. 175/- will be there visiting charge to which i said yes. The next day they came and without checking much they told me that my set top box is not working and needs to be replaced the new set top box will cost me Rs.1000/- to which i clearly said NO and after that they took my tatasky card with them saying that they will deduct their visiting charge from my tatasky account balance using this card i offered them cash but they said this is the only way that they can tell tatasky authority that they actually visited the site. Next day i went to their shop to get the card back. Now 1 or 2 week later my neighbors were installing a new dish so i asked their technician to take a look at mine and looking at my antenna's feed horn he said this one is worn-out and need to be replaced and he did after that the signals came but this is where the actual problem started after getting the signals i was showing a "Pairing error (14)" .
Now the next day i thought it's might be happening because of no balance so i recharged it with Rs. 320/- but still nothing happened so i waited for few days and after getting frustrated i called customer care and after 2-3  calls in a period or 4-5 days with the help of customer care i came to know that my digicomp no. and card no. is not matching and after that the customer care told me that i have bought a new set top box recently (which i did not) and this is why i am having a pairing issue because now the card is paired to the new set top box (which i don't have). The customer care also told me that the new set top box has already been paid for and the technicians who did that must have given you the new set top box and i told them no they did not and matter of fact i clearly told them that i don't want a new set top box. The customer care asked me if that's the cast the we need to send technicians again to which i said that i don't have a problem with that but i won't be going to pay them visiting charge but customer care told me that's not possible and after the same conversation with customer care  for next few days i gave up and i knew that tatasky will call me after i won't recharge my account and which they did last friday on 11th march and i told them the whole story and told me that this time we will send a technician without visiting charges so they scheduled my appointment here's the no. 1-3GANVI31




Hi,I am Sumit Kumar my tatasky id is :- 1124692698I've been your loyal customer since day one and it's has been a smooth ride since then until recently where I've been scammed by tatasky technicians. Here is a summary of what happened and before I do that let me make this clear that I bought tatasky in 2014 and since then I am using the same SD set top box till this day.
In the end of November last year my tatasky lost signals so i called tatasky customer care number and they asked me to send tatasky technicians to check it and Rs. 175/- will be there visiting charge to which i said yes. The next day they came and without checking much they told me that my set top box is not working and needs to be replaced the new set top box will cost me Rs.1000/- to which i clearly said NO and after that they took my tatasky card with them saying that they will deduct their visiting charge from my tatasky account balance using this card i offered them cash but they said this is the only way that they can tell tatasky authority that they actually visited the site. Next day i went to their shop to get the card back. Now 1 or 2 week later my neighbors were installing a new dish so i asked their technician to take a look at mine and looking at my antenna's feed horn he said this one is worn-out and need to be replaced and he did after that the signals came but this is where the actual problem started after getting the signals i was showing a "Pairing error (14)" .
Now the next day i thought it's might be happening because of no balance so i recharged it with Rs. 320/- but still nothing happened so i waited for few days and after getting frustrated i called customer care and after 2-3  calls in a period or 4-5 days with the help of customer care i came to know that my digicomp no. and card no. is not matching and after that the customer care told me that i have bought a new set top box recently (which i did not) and this is why i am having a pairing issue because now the card is paired to the new set top box (which i don't have). The customer care also told me that the new set top box has already been paid for and the technicians who did that must have given you the new set top box and i told them no they did not and matter of fact i clearly told them that i don't want a new set top box. The customer care asked me if that's the cast the we need to send technicians again to which i said that i don't have a problem with that but i won't be going to pay them visiting charge but customer care told me that's not possible and after the same conversation with customer care  for next few days i gave up and i knew that tatasky will call me after i won't recharge my account and which they did last friday on 11th march and i told them the whole story and told me that this time we will send a technician without visiting charges so they scheduled my appointment here's the no. 1-3GANVI31 now instead of visiting the technician called so i told him the same thing that my set top box has been updated by you guys and now my card won't  pair with my old set top box to which he told me to bring my set top box to his store and he will replace it without any cost so i agreed with him and went to his store where after taking a look at my set top box  he refused to change it saying that this set top box is very old and is of no use to him and told me that my only option is to buy a new one worth Rs. 1000/- and i told them that is what you want which is why you upgraded my set top box without my consent and leaving me with no option after arguing with them and telling them that they are trying to scam me and i will complain about this they even offered to reduce the price to Rs. 750/- for the new set top box and when i was leaving their store they came up with the last offer of Rs. 500/- and clearly told them i am going to complain about this scam you guys are trying to pull on me. 
Note: I did not receive any message or call on my registered mobile number regarding the upgraded set top box.
here's my old set top box digi comp no. (which i am using since 2014):-Digicomp no = 943017458275Nds no = 5293727880270569Tatasky card no = 0001 4577 5771RMN = 7879737889and I am also attaching pictures of the same.
I hope you will resolve my problem soon, Thank You .